== trellisd

trellisd provides an answer to the question, "Does anybody know anyone who...?" by matching posts from users with complementary posts from others' with users' extended networks.

Built on Rails 3.2.18, using PostgreSQL.


== Setup

To get started, there are some rake tasks to run after <tt>rake db:create</tt>.

* To populate the database with users, connections, posts, etc. (using Faker):
        rake db:populate
* To make the initial matches:
        rake match:fresh_posts

== Known Issues

* Updated posts retain their matches from prior to the update, even if the updated post would not match.  This seems largely a UX problem, but should be addressed.

* User boxes display somewhat erratically on the User index/search view.

* "All Posts" on posts index view must be clicked twice when being selected from a category view in order to get all posts--this is due to how the referrer url is being used to manipulate the ransack search results.

== Plans

* Build admin dashboard.

* Activate mailer functionality.

* Write tests for key functions.

* Add "General Interest" model, which would act like Google alerts--matching with posts without the user having had to have written a specific post.

* Add elastic searching to the post matching.

* Incorporate functionality for users to give multiple keywords when searching for posts (presumably there is a gem that could assist with this).

* The ability to attach images and files to posts has been anticipated in the code, but not completed.

* Incorporate Sidekiq or similar for processing image uploading and for initial matching after posts are created.

* Permit users to block other users.

== Want to contribute?

You know the drill: fork it, revise the code (comments are appreciated), and make a pull request.
